single father Alexander Alexander Afanasyev
raising two children sofya two with
half a year daughter goes to kindergarten
prices for all over 9 classes
and now thinks retreat technical school
problems with finances seven weeks it
eternal topic to the history of the struggle afanasyev for
maternity capital has become a parable in
the town is now Alexander
Aleksandrovich fights with requisitions in
kindergarten voluntary contributions
one and a half thousand rubles overflowed the bowl
parental patience
supposedly got from this rollers
minor amounts
or someone fun companies are in a hurry
this factor can already be mixed otherwise
the last time I went to the meeting
hurry
previously predicted by the amount as a half
thousand rubles
repair matchmakers
substance was embarrassed at the meeting
on what basis should i
hearing repaired
in the constitution of the Russian Federation
and conventions on the rights of the child have become
reading books alexander lonely
father has already addressed more than one internet service
community
we all support our interlocutor not
just commenting on his constant
agreeing with the opinion of alexander with her
complaints he came to the president
Republic Rustam Hamitova however
Neftekamtsy letter was redirected to
city ​​administration
and here our administration came
answer
preschool institutions
last year
so that
it is from this
it's good
soviet power which has developed with
rising prices
such a
charity
advice but we give
i don't know just forcing me
cool parents of kids officially
kindergarten fees about a thousand rubles
month
however, the costs are not
end up besides the official fee
kindergartens gives parents listed
all you need to purchase and
periodically offers parents
buy furniture doors and pears for parents too
should be interested to
the children were trained down in aesthetic
conditions
in a safe environment and so forth therefore in
this regard or is the treatment
educational leaders
institutions but the decision is made by
parents are therefore violent such
in the methods should not be and in what
such regulatory documents that
must necessarily allow such
voluntary donations which
then this would not have managed the other day on the rivers
in front of parents holds report others
same just collect extra
funds monthly and do not report to where
money goes parents try not to
indignant in the hall is not easy to get
if desired pupils of the year
size prepositions may refuse
visits
Any parents have the right to contact
they have the chairman of the parental council
repeat the governing councils
he can go there too
parents should be
canopy fee
for some reason they think that it did not get
information
we need to go somewhere
May 3, this port of registry and here we are
come complain and so on these questions
most often need to be solved on the ground
scene totals
scheme list over three million
allocated to education
ecological decision of deputies
it is doubtful
parents tighten their belts
lay out a different amount of money because
when there is a choice fall the child in
kindergarten or not parents usually
agree to all new and new expenses
lysan gabdrahman step
Islam information
program time news